before began let me start by saying I'm
calling [ __ ] on this movie right
here and now because ain't no real-life
mathematician knack damn sexy the stars
of our movie today
ah captain's second drink of Red October
Vice Admiral hold old and if I
pronounced it wrong too
can bad ain't watched it ain't gonna
neither Aaron Steven Spielberg's
obligatory child actors and stacks head
woods play a store begins on easel a new
blah which ain't even a real place with
some pool Crocodile Dundee looking fools
trying to get something scary moved
around without their jaws getting eight
and one fails and the family of the
failure turned lizard food sues the damn
park because everybody looking to make
an easy buck clean even surf coffee in
this damn sad society without putting on
the cup dish hot do you really need to
be told that if you work with
prehistoric carnivores you might get
eight all of this displeases the money
men so they need some scientists to give
the deathtrap a seal of approval mental
scientists needed to give death trap
seal of approval very much to say about
him except he really [ __ ] hate
children and he has a lady friend who
works with him and thinks he looks like
daddy material never mind that he
terrifies this porch every child with
horror stories of velociraptors
disemboweling their victims you just
leave your kid sitting there like stuff
they're just here DILF and for this
movie let's just say it beans Dino I'd
like to fossilize bin some eccentric
billionaire with a Sean Connery accent
shows up and the conversation goes a
little something like this I want you to
do something for me and why would we
want to do something for you because
money
what was he lured us to do back on the
mainland we have this whole chicken man
meeting with somebody that wants them to
steal Dino embryos so they can all make
beer but Boggs
fast forward to everybody arriving on
the island and they all take a little
ride to get to the middle of the park
and the lawyer all up in Hammonds
business making threats like in 48 hours
if you don't prove to me this damn
Island ain't a deathtrap
I'm gonna shut you down and he'll is
like in 48 hours you ain't gonna do [ __ ]
because you gonna get ate Mitch
on the commode then they stopped and
grants like dope car just see and today
of dyno don't make a people until you
see her because she got them dyno dunks
and know how to make an entrance
they'll just sit there and all but I'd
be running and scared is that big thing
will step on me or drop a ginormous dyno
deuce right on my [ __ ] head and Grant
says how'd you do this and Hamlin says
money okay there is no way in a good
damn name of logic and reason that a
dyno could be made with the blood from a
mosquito in a frog this is where I draw
the line but I get a feeling the movie
is gonna continually cross said line so
they all get to experience the miracle
of Dino birth and Beth's master then
they're all told that all the dinos on
the island a female to prevent them from
breeding and Malcolm's like to put it in
scientific terms if there's one thing
that history has taught us it's that
nature is a force that man will never be
able to control and I'm absolutely
positively undoubtedly 194 percent
certain that you dumb somebodies are
gonna get us all eight but well there it
is
and then now look at him like he the
fool even though he'd only one there
with any fashion sense then they all
have a little brunch where all the
doctors of their prestigious fields of
science and from the billionaire of the
philosophical implications of
resurrecting deadly carnivores and to
summarize they're basically like this
could turn into a major [ __ ] in a
Big Damn hurry helmet and of course the
only one on Hammonds side is the
money-grubbing blood sucking lawyer well
our call that a Code Red
made a a bought mission I would not send
everyone on a damn on gotta tow dumb
[ __ ] but of course that's exactly what
they're gonna do
cue annoying tokens Spielberg children
oh I feel for poor dr. grant the
children love him but the feeling is not
mutual and they can't take a [ __ ]
hint sad and once again I must call both
because ain't no theme park engineer got
a wallet that's a bad [ __ ] old
wonder King Kong's crib and then Hammond
boasts that the voice narrating the
Torah some guy called Richard Kiley
personally I would have tried to get
Morgan Freeman or you know myself if you
look out your right you'll see
Dilophosaurus well maybe you want wasn't
that fun moving out if you'll all look
to your left you'll see the
Tyrannosaurus Rex
well maybe you won't could've sworn we
had one okay you know what just look at
this goat
ain't that a scary goat well don't worry
y'all I'm sure t-bone will show himself
just as soon as the power cuts out
moving out sir I would appreciate it if
you get your back in the damn Jeep and
where do you think you're going miss
thang well I guess it's just you and me
sexy
okay and that's a big poop too damn big
to come from that one damn Dino think
about this will you take a do you still
self and now it means yourself I mean
your whole self has in a pilot to size
the hotel frankly I ain't never had a
poo the size of my full body I mean what
the hell sighs come out with that take
and if I did myself would I still be
here these are their existential
questions that run too deep for such a
simple man is that the realistic size of
a dino Dukey meanwhile Oh chill be facts
over here [ __ ] up the park security
system so he can steal the damn Dino
embryos and get off the island and just
to save y'all some time
spoiler alert he don't Q predicted
cluster [ __ ] all there that glass of
water go start an itch if you will look
out your front window you will see a
t-rex mosey on over to chomp a douche
who's dropping a deuce so Ian decides to
take a nap leaving none other than Paul
dr. grant to babysit these brats figures
but he's not very good at it because I
guess he thinks the best way to keep the
children safe is to go camping in the
damn prehistoric jungle which comes as a
bit of a bummer to the others when they
come to save them and I'm good now
meanwhile to deal with the loss of his
grandchildren Hammond is in the dining
room handling his problems like a true
emotional leader back out in the park
grant and the kids have this beautiful
moment with a Brachiosaurus to show the
beauty of living creatures after which
we are reminded that all beautiful
living creatures also have disgusting
bodily functions after after which we
see that all beautiful living creatures
may also decide to change this sex and
stock copulating into an overwhelming
population of carnivorous sumbitches in
the control room everybody holds onto
their butts while they try to reach top
the security system and it works but
everything that you know would fix any
[ __ ] problems doesn't come back on so
Frozone got to go turn this spell manual
and I don't know how to break it to
y'all but we don't see him again i'ma
miss him
so because Stax failed to turn the damn
Park back on they got to go do it
themselves only this time they're smart
enough to take some kangan's
and damn check out that massive quads
quads Zilla up in this bunch so while
dr. Sattler gets the power back on and
has a brief reunion with Stax's arm
Quadzilla is defeated by the queen of
the velociraptors okay that sentence
just made this movie sound way more
sci-fi that already is you're welcome
but of course in this movie we're
turning the power back on should be a
good thing your backfires and make some
baby bought barbecue don't worry he's
still alive and apparently he ain't that
hurt because he got enough energy to eat
some dessert so for the next nine
minutes and eight seconds the Raptors
decide to be big old pains and that's
until t-bone shows up and
unintentionally couples their escape and
always figured the fact that a dino from
the same ecosystem that had been
endangering their lives saved them was
supposed to be deep but I don't know you
asking the wrong bit what you really
should be asking is why is the one guy
who caused all these problems the only
person who was never in any danger of
being ate now that ain't right
the moral of this story is you should
never try to use nature for monetary
gain because nature always finds a way
and that way may just be eating yo
that's why you trying to take a dump
because nature was so frightening it
literally scared the [ __ ] out of you
oh yeah and kids are future of sunshine
learned be sure to LIKE share and
subscribe for your regular fix of meth
you can expect me to upload more videos
probably before another meteor hits
Earth and the next one could be in 2029
so I got time full moons explained for
I'm Jeb asaurus okay these funds are
getting out of hand
no really I'm jammed Oh dial 20:29 god
damn I got my bucket list